=head1 1.99_01, March 31, 1997

1.99_01 is the designated 2.00.

Between 1.20 and 1.23 the method as_HTML was introduced and a few code
cleanups happened.

2.00 switches implementation to use *ENTRY{XXX} internally. This means
that we can determine scalarness even for undefined scalars. We don't
expect unknowns anymore.

2.00 introduces the new ios() method which should replace the older
filehandles() and dirhandles() methods. For backwards compatibility
the old methods continue to work as they used to.

2.00 comes with isa_tree and inh_tree utility methods for analysing
the inheritance tree. Devel::Symdump objects may be used to create
snapshots, but their typical use would be as class methods.

=head1 1.20, August 16th, 1995

test 7 of t/symdump.t was too capricious. In fact the test was based
on wrong assumptions about loaded packages in the perl binary. Static
perls and dynamic perls have different symbol tables when they run the
tests. So test 7 is gone.

test 4 of t/symdump.t relied on $@ being set like in perl5.001m. This
might not be a correct assumption. So test 4 is replaced with a dummy
'print ok' until the $@ problem is sorted out

=head1 1.19, July 3rd, 1995

Added an as_string method.

Rewrote the test scripts so they output standard test strings "ok
nnn". This is dangerous for new perl releases, but will help me do get
bug reports early.

Renamed the exporting example package to Devel::Symdump::Export.

=head1 1.16, May 29th, 1995

Changed '${pack}::' and relatives back to "$pack\:\:" to make the
package "-w" safe. Deleted the debug statement in _doit() after
Gurusamy Sarathy fixed the bug in perl5.001, but left a comment there.

Changed the AUTHORS section to plain "Andreas & Tom".

Added this Changes file :)

=head1 1.14, May 28th,1995

After a considerable amount of mail exchange between Tom and me, we
now have a unknowns() method for all the rest in the symbol table that
we currently don't follow further. new() is renamed to rnew() which
stands for recursive new. new() now does not go into recursion which
becomes the default behaviour for people calling directly
Devel::Symdump->arrays etc.

Added a Devel::Symdump::Exp package for Tom who wanted the methods
exported. Tom had tried to add Exporter to the package and to export
the undefined methods directly. Andreas didn't trust this trick
although it seemed to work fine. So they are still considering if it
can be done.


=head1 1.09, May 27th, 1995

Drops all prettyprint functionality and becomes a primitiv package
after some talk with Tom Christiansen and Gurusamy Sarathy. Moreover,
Dean Roehrich's additions to the perlbot manpage gave me (Andreas)
some hints about package globals which now get a new dress within the
object.

=head1 1.05, May 1995

First release of the formerly Devel::Debug called package.
